---
title: 4th blog
layout: post
author: oskar.leskow
permalink: /4th-blog/
source-id: 1qIiJWDdKdh8S6iT1gE2UJd4xpDeLeAgEN0nrQg9p9X0
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>4th blog</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>21/02/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>continuing on with the project</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>N/A</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>N/A</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>this lesson I feel as if me and Ethan had worked hard despite the things that went wrong for us during the course of the lesson, we made sure everything was alright at the end of the lesson so the next one can get off to an clean start, at least I was smart enough to get an new usb stick.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>this lesson was very hard because of the saving part , we had saved all our progress onto our usb devices, but Ethan's did not work, and because I was clumsy and had lost mine a few weeks prior and got a new one with no data on it, but from the last lesson, we were put at a immediate disadvantage because we were Half way through a very long and complicated excessive, and we had to start over again from scratch, this was definitely an factor in how badly we did that less, and once again writing this blog on Monday or Tuesday would be nice.
However there was a silver lining, because all this failed stuff we tried again at the end of the lesson to get everything to work smoothly, eventually we did, it was all saved but in a strange text format so we had to copy and paste it over into the software, and we got everything up and running for next lesson</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>next time I will make sure I have everything for the lesson and make sure I have this blog done on time to the required standard, I want to find my old usb stick to recover the lost data, I also want to learn the programming language used in doing this to make myself more efficient.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


