---
title: Blog 5
layout: post
author: oskar.leskow
permalink: /blog-5/
source-id: 1GdP728c8O4Z9Pp8uxFQNUribYUm3fLL827WEdX9h-Pw
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>blog 5</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>01/05/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>continuing on from last lesson</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>N/A</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>N/A</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>this week I felt as if I really stepped up with the quality of my blogs and I made sure that everything was going well with regards to our programming, we got back on track despite the earlier setbacks with the loss of my memory stick, but now we have everything up and running again, making it easier to make progress again, but we lost a lot of time due to usb sticks</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>the biggest problem at the moment is ho terrible I am at keeping myself nicely organised, my blogs keep failing to meet the required standards, one week the quality is bad the next the problem is the background then the contrast, every week another problem.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I need to improve on lots of things, go to the clubs available to me in order to improve and help with the quality of my blog, I need to be more organised and not lose stuff and make sure my blog is done on the day it is set next time I will make sure I have everything for the lesson and make sure I have this blog done on time to the required standard, I want to find my old usb stick to recover the lost data from other things a outstanding task from last lesson that i still need to do, I also want to learn the programming language used in doing this to make myself more efficient ,Another outstanding task.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


