---
title: Blog 8
layout: post
author: oskar.leskow
permalink: /blog-8/
source-id: 1xbNososKMsmsV7c1trpkoz1ElfMxi9xEoaozTDjIMTo
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>blog 8</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>01/05/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>fuze box</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>n/a</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>n/a</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>ast lesson it was mostly more of the same just working through the exercises at an steady pace with Ethan, this lesson nothing was forgotten an nothing really happened except for the fact that we got onto the next part in the book with the lights, I think an important skill is the ability to ask for help, without the help we received from the other people in My class we would not be anywhere near where  we are ne
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>i need to art being more efficient and effective, as well as more independent, but none of these are big issues that need to addressed, but I need to get to them sent or later, I can't put it off any longer, I need to address these issues when they start to be an problem. And alike last week I need to focus and make sure we are on track for the whole lesson, and not get distracted by other topics we would normally be doing.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>for the next lesson I will make sure that I am ready and willing to learn without any distractions and asking for too much help, this is important to me, I need to self critical and independen for my wok to of an good enough standard, that is important to me and in my opinion woot(it these skills we cannot develop</td>
  </tr>
</table>


