---
title: blog 6
layout: post
author: oskar.leskow
permalink: /blog-6/
source-id: 1YLCAWEFOzfri-Hw846cE8kPmrQZ1yTpFribNjpjJWxI
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>blog 6</td>
    <td></td>
    <td>01/05/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>fuze boxes</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>n/a</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>n/a</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>I tried to be more organised than usual this week, for the most part it worked but unfortunately sometimes it didn't, I didn’t talk with the other people, but I can still improve. I need to start thinking differently about this to make myself more efficient.
</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>this lesson I talked too much with Ethan, I think that this needs to change if we are to be successful, we need to focus and make sure we are on track for the whole lesson, and not get distracted by other topics we would normally be doing, after working with Ethan for so long I think an person who I did not have anything in common with would be better, eliminating the need for chatter, getting to the root of the problem fast, and making the progress much faster than usual. I also forgot my usb stick, so nothing bad happens if Ethan happens to be ill.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>next time I will not forget to do my blog until so late and bring my usb stick so we have an backup, just in case something happens to Ethan’s like when I lost mine.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


